show ip protocols
shows me the time is used by RIP
so by default, its sends update every 30 seconds.
Routes are invalid after 180 seconds, the hold down timer is a 180 seconds
and routes are flushed after 240 seconds.
Now you can change the timers
so under router rip you can specify different timers
for instance the interval between updates
the invalid timer you could change to another value
hold down timer to another value and the flushed timer to another value.
so show ip protocols
these values are different to other routers which you're using the defaults
so notice there are the defaults 31.81.80.240
where's here you've made it 10 seconds 200, 200 and 250
show ip route
I'll clear the routing table, I still receive my routes
and in this example, I can still ping google.com from router 1
now it's recommended that you don’t change the timers on your routers
unless you have good reason to do that
and in that case make them the same, don’t have different timers in your network.